USWDS-Site: Validation - Add clarity to guidance (#1851)
uswds/uswds-site: _components/validation/guidance/when-to-use.md

> **Provide helpful validation feedback.**  Give users immediate feedback on which validation requirements have been successfully met, and which have yet to be completed.

Reviewer: Can we give an example? 

"For example, when a validation is not yet completed, send them a frowny face."

Author: I added a bit of clarity in https://github.com/uswds/uswds-site/pull/1851/commits/c796cd5243351f4580dfc0ab50ab2ea0a19190a1

Does that help?

> **Provide helpful validation feedback.**  Use the validation component to give immediate feedback on which validation requirements have been successfully met, and which have yet to be completed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Provide helpful validation feedback.**  Use the validation component to give immediate feedback on which validation requirements have been successfully met, and which are not completed yet.
```
